chore: update docs for pgSelectSingle.record() (#2052)
graphile/crystal: grafast/website/grafast/step-library/dataplan-pg/pgSelect.md

### $pgSelectSingle.record()

> Returns a PgClassExpressionStep representing the entire table, useful for debugging or to use with `pgSelectSingleFromRecord`. Here is a simple example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a PgClassExpressionStep representing the entire table, useful for debugging or to use with `pgSelectSingleFromRecord`.

Here's a debugging example, we log out the full record to make sure it's the one we wanted:
```

```ts

> const $user = usersResource.find({ id: constant(1) });
> const $record = $user.record();
> 
> sideEffect($record, (user) => console.dir(user));
> return $user;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Get the record from somewhere, e.g.:
const $user = usersResource.get({ id: constant(1) });

// Get the full user object as a record and log it for debugging:
const $record = $user.record();
sideEffect($record, (user) => console.dir(user));

// Return the original $user object
return $user;
```

Returns a PgClassExpressionStep representing the entire table, useful for debugging or to use with `pgSelectSingleFromRecord`.

Here's a debugging example, we log out the full record to make sure it's the one we wanted:

```ts

> // Get the record from somewhere, e.g.:
> const $user = usersResource.get({ id: constant(1) });
> 
> // Get the full user object as a record and log it for debugging:
> const $record = $user.record();
> sideEffect($record, (user) => console.dir(user));
> 
> // Return the original $user object
> return $user;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const plans = {
  Query: {
    getUserById(_, { $id }) {
      const $user = usersResource.get({ id: $id });

      // Get the full user object as a record and log it for debugging:
      const $record = $user.record();
      sideEffect($record, (user) => console.dir(user));

      return $user;
    },
  },
};
```
